that's right everybody remember my
earlier view I told you I wasn't going
to make any effort in getting a dl TM
ultimate Optimus Prime well ever since
these particular figures started filling
your shelf in my local Walmart I had a
slight change of heart and just like I
did with the oral TF Supreme Devastator
but enough about that anyway here is
finally standing taller than the leader
class revengeful and Optimus Prime and
sinal Prime yeah this is expecting more
from this particular figured when I went
when I first one him but um he's not as
bad as I thought it was but he could
have been better I mean his um his
individual romo its transformation it's
kind of backwards and I decided to leave
his wings down to give them more of the
Armada prime look yeah this is not a
full review by the way this is just a
video update yeah I would do a full
review on this ultimate optimist point
but nowadays audiences are just getting
tougher and tougher I know a lot of my
YouTube print just close their accounts
recently but I don't know if it's the
reason because of that or not but yeah I
know I haven't been doing any video
reviews myself because I hadn't been
gained enough subscribers or friends or
comments or whatever I don't know the
deal is but I think
I think that audiences getting were
pickier than usual if hasbro made a
perfect transformer that didn't need
anything then need much we don't about
they be fussy about that as well but
that's not this video review about it's
about when I got here so far yeah I
don't want to spread his wings again the
the butterfly fairy look as um I I'm
just making this this particular video
update short as best as I can no he's
got his a mechtech weapon a port in the
back of his his his armor is a its
trailer armor whatever you want to call
it so not much expected from the
electronics though but I thought the
figure itself was gonna be like trying
but just like a leader class ultimate
non-league class and talking to moon
bumblebee his his mechanic women is the
only thing it's electronic and that just
attention to figure itself just like you
do with the the ultimate optimist prime
here all right
yeah he is a pretty ginormous figure
technically I like him better than the
oral TF Supreme Devastator because the
Constructicons stem cells can't
transform which is kind of ridiculous I
can't think of any other word besides it
but you get the idea so yeah I'm just
showing you a what I got in the meantime
before you decide to do any full review
on this uh talking to ultimate Optimus
Prime yeah well if I get the time at all
oh I'll do one but that depends on what
you want if you want we want to request
the video for you just a pulse a comment
or or don't that depends on what what
you how you feel better alright so I'm
going to cut it from here I just said so
to get a kick out what I got recently
here okay well this has been my latest
video update on the ultimate up of this
prime or I will do a full review and
eventually depending on what I get from
my fellow audiences if they if they and
IHS it on the stand all right meantime
is when / to signing out like a draw
must be stopped no matter the cost